yeah he spends his time waiting for
celebrities to come out of restaurant so
he can take his picture with them and he
also works as a handyman so we decided
to combine his love of celebrities and
fixing things by sending him to take
care of some things at Fred Willard
house enjoy hi this me aya I'm come
today I fix something for some celebrity
I don't know who this is a big name in
big celebrity ah yeah yeah hey Sam nice
i see you nice to see you that's you
what's your name oh well I have Fred
Willard afraid to along yeah signature
of you oh absolutely yes because I got
some ass people you know good ever needs
a handyman and I needed several things
fixed and someone said give ya a call
all right uh here's the first problem
yes put the lunch box down without my
tools here too all right this door yeah
is this door a little too loose there is
no SIA it's not closed good i make it
right Brenda my toes on my face is a
problem I montauban the wood little here
because the luck and I'll move it later
I clean off don't work you know where
everything is there yeah what oh I find
it now ok is this how Bob Vila works
yeah I don't know whose what do I he's
he's on TV yeah at the industry if you
go out to his house and do some repairs
let me know I check you won't say from
outside yeah knock knock push the dog
food no oh but you say now
who's there knock knock who's there
Leena o Leena coming in no okay knock
knock who's there Lena Lena Lena who
lean a little closer I'll tell you get
okay oh you see so there's another we
like they're not me I don't touch of
that it was quite a shock with my home
sweet home sign fell and nearly
fractured my stuff but yeah I'll fix it
thanks Evan see was here of course it
would have happened if you hadn't been
here we was being step up to on there oh
no no don't worry I'm sure to bust my
hand talk
Oh
see now there you go close the door open
the door never feel down get me a second
up right back all right okay I think
it's worse than it was before I can get
someone out to fix it Yaya is a
craftsman in every way